now
cases that
okay sisters this is Nadia her voice is
the Beatles
hello beetle who is he what is he
that's Ringo oh I see that as well
as you can gather this is Eric say hello
to Aaron yeah hello Eric power man
remember you you're the one with the
short fat hairy legs no no no no he's
even the one with the shot-putter like
yeah him yeah
further ones are the big fatter the ends
what do you like being famous is not
like in your day you know
not like in my day mom and dad used to
tell me about you
Ringo as well Johnny no no i get
assaulted
no after wala it's gonna suggest was
let's do a number with the boy oh yeah
one let the devil remember you go get
change yes oh well right what do you
think we should do boys what about
something that's more suitable for
Erick's a moon like them so ladies and
gentlemen we're gonna make history on
television for the first time we have
more calm and wise individuals
presenting to you